README.md, before:

Statistics Of Professional Dota2 Players 
========================
Changelog:
=========
-09.41 Sun: Created second sheet, formulated some data. Done with ODS part until it turns out "nah it's not done".
-17.15 Sun: Python cant handle Chinese players' names. Google translated them one by one to latin. Changed encoding to ANSII. Created new .ods file.


To Do List
=========
- **ODS**:
  - "exploratory data analysis"
    - Done: Averages, median player. 
  - "Also, try sorting, filtering, making charts and formatting the spreadsheet for readability"
    - Done: sorting and more difficult functions.
  
- **Python**
  - "Edit so that it produces valid HTML 5 as output"
  - "Output the whole input CSV as HTML",  "present the data in a grid"
  - "the summary statistics and a brief (1-2 paragraphs) report about this investigation"
  - 
  
- **HTML**
  - CSS and other meaningless things
  - Where did i get data, subset query (7.00 and after any event etc)
  - Apples and oranges part
  - "In particular, write about what questions about the data itself your brief investigation may have answered. For
example, if your dataset was about temperatures in India for the last 100 years, has India warmed a lot since the
1960s? Do summer and winter temperature trends follow the same pattern? Etc."
    -Does KDA have any meaning or correlation with winrate
	
- **Github**
  - Upload both csv and ods formats
  
  ![meme](https://github.com/ituis17/a2-pikrua/blob/master/readme/not.jpg "meme")
------
After the Deadline To Do (Probably not gonna happen)
=========
- CV :
  - Average face of a professioanl dota2 player
- Scrape the data autamatically from datdota
- Scrape team lineups from liqupedia
- Scrape standings and match lineups before the match from SOMEWHERE IDK
- Create a model and elo system for teamA vs teamB
- Try using Machine Learning algorithms and compare results to predictions
- Perfect the model
- Automate the site
- Put a paywall behind the content
- ???
- Profit.

Commit message:

first design, css and python code w no analysis

README.md, after:

Statistics Of Professional Dota2 Players 
========================
Changelog:
=========
-09.41 Sun: Created second sheet, formulated some data. Done with ODS part until it turns out "nah it's not done".
-17.15 Sun: Python cant handle Chinese players' names. Google translated them one by one to latin. Changed encoding to ANSII. Created new .ods file.
-02,25 Mon: "Is that a huge banner or are you just happy to see me?". Python is almost done. Added old css file with little changes. 

To Do List
=========
- **ODS**:
  - "exploratory data analysis"
    - Done: Averages, median player. 
  - "Also, try sorting, filtering, making charts and formatting the spreadsheet for readability"
    - Done: sorting and more difficult functions.
  
- **Python**
  - "Edit so that it produces valid HTML 5 as output"
  - "Output the whole input CSV as HTML",  "present the data in a grid"
  - "the summary statistics and a brief (1-2 paragraphs) report about this investigation"
  - 
  
- **HTML**
  - Create a division for table with horizontal and vertical scrolling
  - Add js code for sorting at top
  - CSS and other meaningless things
    - Done
  - Where did i get data, subset query (7.00 and after any event etc)
    - Done
  - Apples and oranges part
  - "In particular, write about what questions about the data itself your brief investigation may have answered. For
example, if your dataset was about temperatures in India for the last 100 years, has India warmed a lot since the
1960s? Do summer and winter temperature trends follow the same pattern? Etc."
    -Does KDA have any meaning or correlation with winrate
	
- **Github**
  - Upload both csv and ods formats
  
  ![meme](https://github.com/ituis17/a2-pikrua/blob/master/readme/not.jpg "meme")
------
After the Deadline To Do (Probably not gonna happen)
=========
- CV :
  - Average face of a professioanl dota2 player
- Scrape the data autamatically from datdota
- Scrape team lineups from liqupedia
- Scrape standings and match lineups before the match from SOMEWHERE IDK
- Create a model and elo system for teamA vs teamB
- Try using Machine Learning algorithms and compare results to predictions
- Perfect the model
- Automate the site
- Put a paywall behind the content
- ???
- Profit.
